Change quickstarts to use new secrets format (#137)
spiceai/quickstarts: databricks/README.md

    2024-03-27T05:27:52.696606Z  INFO runtime::opentelemetry: Spice Runtime OpenTelemetry listening on 127.0.0.1:50052
    ```

> 1. In another terminal in the `databricks_demo` directory, configure Spice with the Databricks credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In another terminal, working in the `databricks_demo` directory, configure Spice with the Databricks credentials
```

        --aws-region us-east-1
    ``` 

>     This will create a `.env` file in the `databricks_demo` directory with the Databricks credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Executing `spice login` and successfully authenticating will create a `.env` file in the `databricks_demo` directory with the Databricks credentials.
```
